"You’ve got to learn to leave the table when love’s no longer being served." 
"It’s hard to forget someone who you’ve imagined spending forever with."
"Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward."
"Family is supposed to be our safe haven. Very often, it’s the place where we find the deepest heartache."
"Don’t feel sad over someone who gave up on you. Feel sad for them because they gave up on someone who would have never given up on them."
"I’m proud of my heart. It’s been played, stabbed, cheated, burned, and broken…but somehow still works."
Pain makes you stronger, tears make you braver, and heartbreak makes you wiser. So thank the past for a better future.
I am thinking of you in my sleepless solitude tonight. If it’s wrong to love you, then my heart just won’t let me be right cause I’m drowned in you and I won’t pull through without you by my side.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
If you don’t fight for what you want, don’t cry for what you lost.
You can not easily drop a person out of your mind. Especially when that person left a special mark on your heart.
Continue to share your heart with people even if it has been broken. Don’t treat your heart like an action figure wrapped in plastic and never used.
Sometimes you have to give up on people. Not because you don’t care, but because they don’t anymore.
EX means: Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life!
While his life will be filled with nothing but regret for letting you go, yours will be filled with nothing but happiness for walking away.
Never lose yourself while trying to hold on to someone who doesn’t care about losing you.
Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent people ignore.
Waiting for someone else to make you happy is the best way to be sad.
Don’t say that you miss me when it’s your fault that I’m gone.
Sometimes giving someone a second chance is like giving them another bullet for their gun because they missed you the first time.
